hello and welcome to soda tasting an
online show dedicated to soda reviews
and appreciation I'm Patrick o Keith
today we're going to talk about Pepsi
throwback at the request of John
Wilkerson his website is the wired
home-school calm Mikey paco trains and
Domino's one Jonathan and the fast car
boy one so let's say thank you to John
for supporting the show thank you to
Mike II Paco trains and Domino's one or
Jonathan and the fast car boy one as you
may know we are continuing our ten
consecutive viewer-requested episodes in
honor of episode number 200 of the show
so I also like to say thank some other
people who have supported the show
Fiasco deuce Kevin saju mr. Kalashnikov
9 and Alex Panzer ADT thank you very
much for supporting the show I really
appreciate it and now saw a Pepsi
throwback from PepsiCo it was introduced
in 2009 and it was released right
alongside Mountain Dew throwback as a
sugar sweetened version of Pepsi this
led many seen over called the days when
the drink was only sweetened with sugar
before was sweetened with high fructose
corn syrup because the mainstream
version of Pepsi available today in the
US has both high fructose corn syrup and
sugar in it the ingredients are pretty
much the same except for the sweeteners
and there's an absence of citric acid in
Pepsi throwback as far as nutritional
facts go throwback has 10 more
milligrams of sodium in one less gram
with twirled carbohydrates and due to
the popularity of the drink PepsiCo
continued to release batches of it until
it was simply part of their permanent
lineup that said some people myself
included often have trouble finding it I
found this bottle about an hour away
from my home at a Wawa convenience store
in Chesapeake Virginia so I can't find
it locally I know a lot of people can
though so that's that's good it's good
to have this in the market so let's take
a look let me show you the bottle it has
that you know old-school Pepsi branding
and this is a 20 ounce bottle the
official facts I quote you will be 12
ounces it has 150 calories it has 40
milligrams of sodium 40 grams of 12
carbohydrates 40 of which are sugars the
caffeine content is 38 milligrams and
let's take a look at the ingredients
here carbonated water sugar caramel
color phosphoric acid caffeine and
natural flavor bottle under the
authority of PepsiCo purses New York any
questions 1-800 for 3
three to six five two Pepsi throwback
made with real sugar please recycle yeah
150 calories shashing 30 milligrams
sweetened with sugar now I did an
episode somewhat recently where I
reviewed Pepsi with sugar just a glass
bottle version they sell without the
throwback branding also I I did a blind
tasting comparing that to regular Pepsi
and Mexican Pepsi and I mentioned that I
wanted to find some throwback
unfortunately that Pepsi with sugar is
gone that I bought I bought that for
hours away from me and I used it up in
those I use it up in that episode I gave
one to my brother use two purposes gave
one to my brother and then the fourth
one unfortunately or I wouldn't have
given that to my brother I found it had
already been kind of open it decides
were sticky anyway I could tell it it
was already you know the air seal it was
it was broken in so when I opened it
there was no pop there's no fizz so I
didn't really want to review that I
didn't want to include that wouldn't be
fair but so I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna review this on its own and maybe
I'll do that in the future out when I
find another bottle of Pepsi throwback
and the glass bottle Pepsi and I'm
regular Pepsi I'll get those all
together and review it all over again
but for now let's just take a look at
the Pepsi throwback
Pepsi of course was created in my home
state of North Carolina and New Bern but
it was originally named Brad's drink it
smells like Pepsi which is to say it has
kind of a light Cola smell you know if
you know Pepsi smells like it's nothing
about it really stands out to me so
let's give it a taste it's interesting
from memory I think that this is closer
to the regular Pepsi that we have then
the Pepsi with sugar in the glass bottle
and the reason I say that is because
there's a bite here with this that I
can't remember and I think I remember
specifically explaining in my Pepsi
blind tasting that wasn't present in
Pepsi with sugar but was present in the
regular mainstream Pepsi it's just kind
of a bite there some I call it a citrus
note of some kind it's just it's just a
little bit of bite and so I just taste
kind of close to the regular Pepsi is by
memory um where the Pepsi just in the
glass bottle was smoother and had less
bite so how do you describe Pepsi I mean
it's it's definitely a Cola it's what a
lot of people think of when they think
of the word Cola to me it's kind of a
it's got a nice sweetness but with a
nice with a also kind of a citrus kick
to it or just some kind of bite it's
hard to describe to me I get like a
lemony vibe from it but that's just me
Pepsi throwback pretty good I put it up
there I feel kind of similar about those
three Pepsi's the Pepsi with sugar the
Pepsi throwback from Pepsi we have in
the US I feel kind of similar about all
of them um but it's a good Cola I like
it more than a lot of colas that are out
there so we're gonna put it at four out
of five now I'd like to know what is a
flavor that you would like there to be a
throwback release stuff obviously that
YP limited to Pepsi products let's yeah
let's do that let's lemon at the Pepsi
products if not that what's another soda
bread that you'd like to see make a
throwback
I think coca-cola is a is an easy one so
maybe stay away from the really easy
ones and
give me something interesting or if you
want to go with an easy one go with an
easy one it's that's totally cool as
well leave a comment on youtube run sort
of tasting calm please subscribe to the
show via youtube facebook twitter
google+ RSS or email fun links all those
options that sort of tasting calm thank
you for watching and as always
everything in moderation